docs: add Sass deprecations notice in docs (#41283)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/customize/sass.md

Utilize our source Sass files to take advantage of variables, maps, mixins, and more.

> {{< callout warning >}}
> **Sass deprecation warnings** are shown when compiling source sass files with the last versions of Dart Sass. This does not prevent compilation or usage. We are [working on a long-term fix]({{< param repo >}}/issues/40962) but in the meantime these deprecation notices can be ignored.
> {{< /callout >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout warning >}}
Sass deprecation warnings are shown when compiling source Sass files with the latest versions of Dart Sass. This does not prevent compilation or usage of Bootstrap. We're [working on a long-term fix]({{< param repo >}}/issues/40962), but in the meantime these deprecation notices can be ignored.
{{< /callout >}}
```
